README.md, before:

# VideoAmp Icons
A suite of [Material Design](https://material.io) inspired icons used in the VideoAmp Console.
These icons were created by [Kaleho Naki](https://github.com/blueishh).


## Installing
Assuming you have [NodeJS](http://nodejs.org/), [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/) and [Bower](http://bower.io/) installed globally just open up a terminal, navigate to your projects root directory and then execute

```
# install via Bower
$ bower install videoamp-icons --save
```


## Usage
There are several files in the `css/` subdirectory. Import them in your project
to have access to "videoamp-icons" font face:

* `videoamp-icons.css` - whole font family compiled to CSS
* `videoamp-icons.less` - whole font family in LESS

### HTML (using CSS classes)
`<span class="va-icon va-icon-channel_web"></span>`

### HTML (using ligatures)
`<span class="va-icon">va_channel_web</span>`



## Glyphs
View a list of available glyphs in the [demo](demo/demo.html) directory


## Contact
[VideoAmp Front End](mailto:frontend@videoamp.com)


## License
Copyright (c) 2017 VideoAmp and [other contributors](https://github.com/VideoAmp/videoamp-icons/graphs/contributors).
Licensed under the MIT License

Commit message:

chore(readme): Include landing page link

README.md, after:

# [VideoAmp Icons](https://videoamp.github.io/videoamp-icons/)
A suite of [Material Design](https://material.io) inspired icons used in the VideoAmp Console.
These icons were created by [Kaleho Naki](https://github.com/blueishh).


## Installing
Assuming you have [NodeJS](http://nodejs.org/), [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/) and [Bower](http://bower.io/) installed globally just open up a terminal, navigate to your projects root directory and then execute

```
# install via Bower
$ bower install videoamp-icons --save
```


## Usage
There are several files in the `css/` subdirectory. Import them in your project
to have access to "videoamp-icons" font face:

* `videoamp-icons.css` - whole font family compiled to CSS
* `videoamp-icons.less` - whole font family in LESS

### HTML (using CSS classes)
`<span class="va-icon va-icon-channel_web"></span>`

### HTML (using ligatures)
`<span class="va-icon">va_channel_web</span>`



## Glyphs
List of available glyphs can be found on the [home page](https://videoamp.github.io/videoamp-icons/)


## Contact
[VideoAmp Front End](mailto:frontend@videoamp.com)


## License
Copyright (c) 2017 VideoAmp and [other contributors](https://github.com/VideoAmp/videoamp-icons/graphs/contributors).
Licensed under the MIT License
